I personally do not suggest players attempt a nuzlocke run of Shin Pokemon Red/Blue if using the "SET" battle style.
Trainers in this rom hack are not complete pushovers. They try to choose moves with some semblance of good play, 
and their pokemon tend to have slightly better stats compared to your pokemon at the same level. 
Knockouts are fairly common. Your nuzlocke run will likely end in Mt Moon if playing by the normally-accepted ruleset. 
If you really want to do it though, I suggest playing your nuzlocke run via the ruleset I have put together below.
Corollaries are mandatory clarifications of existing rules, and Modifications are optional according to player taste.


Core Rules:
-----------
1 -	Any pokemon that faints is considered dead, and it must be released or permanently put in storage.
	Corollary A - 		Pokemon that faint purely due to forfeiting a trainer battle are exempt from this rule.
	Modification A -	A pokemon is only considered dead if it faints from poison, a OHKO move, or a critical hit.
	Modification B -	If you black out, the earliest pokemon in your party to faint that is still living is now dead.
						
	
2 -	You may only catch the first pokemon encountered in each area even if it faints or flees.
	Static encounters with wild pokemon, as well as any shiny pokemon, may be freely caught and used. They do not count towards this rule.
	Corollary A - 		This rule is not in effect until the player first recieves the pokedex and obtains pokeballs.
	Corollary B -		Pokemon caught purely for using HM moves are exempt from this rule. They may never be used in battle.
	Corollary C - 		The trade functionality of the cable club is prohibited. Trade Evolutions are now acquired via level-up.
	Modification A -	Gift pokemon, prize pokemon, and in-game traded pokemon are exempt from this rule.
	Modification B - 	With regards only to the safari zone, this rule is reset upon paying the entrance fee. 
						However, all areas of the safari zone are considered to be a single area for this rule.
	
3 -	You must nickname all pokemon you catch.

4 - Your game is over if you have no pokemon left alive to use.
	Modification A - 	A blackout is only a game over if you have no pokemon left alive in your party or PC storage.

5 -	You cannot save and reload the game to avoid a negative outcome. 
	Corollary A -		The Softlock Teleport is also prohibited.
	Corollary B -		This rule does not apply when encountering a glitch or bug in the game that unfairly hampers your progress.


Additional Rules:
-----------------
6 -	The battle style must be kept on "SET".
	Corollary A - 		You may activate the Item, Sleep, and/or Freeze clauses to your taste.

7 - You are allowed and encouraged to buy healing items and supplies at pokemarts. You will need them.

8 - Keep one of these features active at all times: Obedience Level Cap or Scale Enemy Trainer Levels.

9 -	Trainers can be rematched for friendly sparring after defeating them. Faintings during such rematches never count as deaths.

10 - Anytime you black out at the Indigo Plateau, the Elite 4 are considered to have confiscated your badges.
	You must return to Oak's lab and turn on Trainer Scaling via the bottom-right aide.
	Make sure that the Obedience Level Cap is deactivated.
	All eight gym leaders must be re-matched and defeated to get your badges back (your choice on the order).
	These gym leader rematches are serious. Your pokemon are susceptable to death in spite of Rule 9.
	Trainer scaling may be turned off and the level-cap turned on once all eight badges have been regained. 
	Only then are you allowed to re-challenge the Elite 4.