This is a bash script for randomizing Shin Pokered.
It will directly edit bytes in the rom file in order to randomize pokemon.
This script is open source and can be repurposed by anyone for their own projects.

If you know what a bash script is, then you probably don't need extra instructions.
Otherwise I'll explain in brief.

A bash script is a method for automating terminal commands in a unix-based environment.
If on Windows, that means you need to install cygwin (which emulates a linux terminal).
The .sh script file is just source text. It can be viewed and edited with your favorite text editor.
It also runs in the terminal without any kind of compiling.
Place the rom file to randomize in the bash script's folder.
In the terminal, navigate to the bash script's folder and type
	bash randoshinred.sh
in order to execute the script.
Then you just have to follow the instructions in the terminal.

You will need to reference the .sym file for the rom version you are using.
This is a glossary of all the labels in the source code with their banks and addresses.
The script will ask you to manually enter banks and addresses so as to 
start searching and replacing data at the correct spots in the rom file.


Details and Limitations:
----------------------
You must have Vim installed, as it is necessary for the "xxd" command.
Mac and Linux operating systems usually have this by default.
If on Windows, run Cygwin's setup and make sure it is installed.

You can randomize both Master and Lite branches of Shin Pokemon.

151 availability is only in the Master Shin Pokemon rom. 
This is because the 151 availability is already built-in.

Static encounters, prizes, gifts, and trades are not yet supported for randomizing.
Legendary pokemon (the birds and the mews) are left out of randomization arrays as a result.

There are three main randomized arrays that replace pokemon on a global level:
-->Trainer roster pokemon
-->Wild pokemon encountered while walking or surfing
-->Pokemon in super rod fishing groups
These arrays are randomized within themselves and do not relate to each other.
This means that a pokemon normally seen via super rod, surfing, and in a trainer battle
can be globally replaced by a different pokemon for each way of seeing it.

Furthermore, wild and trainer pokemon are divided into A, B, and C tiers from strongest to weakest.
These pokemon are only randomized within their own tier, so stuff like swapping pidgey with nidoking cannot occur.

The C tier trainer roster array is used for starter pokemon.
Three random starters, each different from the other, are available to pick.